bot/player/Player.java
 bot.player.Player
bot/commands/object/ResourcesLoader.java
 bot.commands.object.ResourcesLoader
bot/commands/member/Ranking.java
 bot.commands.member.Ranking
bot/commands/object/ObjectsManager.java
 bot.commands.object.ObjectsManager
bot/music/PlayerManager.java
 bot.music.PlayerManager
 bot.music.PlayerManager$1
bot/exceptions/DatabaseConnectionException.java
 bot.exceptions.DatabaseConnectionException
bot/source/Zbyszek.java
 bot.source.Zbyszek
bot/commands/object/Dupa.java
 bot.commands.object.Dupa
bot/commands/object/Joke.java
 bot.commands.object.Joke
bot/commands/entertainment/PWR.java
 bot.commands.entertainment.PWR
bot/commands/object/FunType.java
 bot.commands.object.FunType
bot/player/hero/attributes/Defence.java
 bot.player.hero.attributes.Defence
bot/music/GuildMusicManager.java
 bot.music.GuildMusicManager
bot/commands/member/Daily.java
 bot.commands.member.Daily
bot/music/YouTubeDataFetcher.java
 bot.music.YouTubeDataFetcher
bot/commands/music/Skip.java
 bot.commands.music.Skip
bot/commands/music/Clear.java
 bot.commands.music.Clear
bot/commands/entertainment/JerkOff.java
 bot.commands.entertainment.JerkOff
bot/commands/object/Meme.java
 bot.commands.object.Meme
messagetemplates/EmojiConverter.java
 messagetemplates.EmojiConverter
messagetemplates/MessageEmbedTemplate.java
 messagetemplates.MessageEmbedTemplate
bot/commands/entertainment/AleDupa.java
 bot.commands.entertainment.AleDupa
bot/player/consumables/Consumable.java
 bot.player.consumables.Consumable
bot/player/hero/experience/Level.java
 bot.player.hero.experience.Level
bot/player/hero/attributes/Statistics.java
 bot.player.hero.attributes.Statistics
bot/player/hero/Hero.java
 bot.player.hero.Hero
bot/commands/member/GetExp.java
 bot.commands.member.GetExp
bot/commands/entertainment/Dab.java
 bot.commands.entertainment.Dab
bot/player/hero/attributes/Damage.java
 bot.player.hero.attributes.Damage
bot/commands/object/Piwo.java
 bot.commands.object.Piwo
bot/commands/ICommand.java
 bot.commands.ICommand
bot/music/TrackScheduler.java
 bot.music.TrackScheduler
config/Config.java
 config.Config
database/DatabaseManager.java
 database.DatabaseManager
bot/commands/CommandsManager.java
 bot.commands.CommandsManager
database/PlayerDefaults.java
 database.PlayerDefaults
bot/commands/music/Play.java
 bot.commands.music.Play
bot/managers/ActivityManager.java
 bot.managers.ActivityManager
bot/player/utility/Activity.java
 bot.player.utility.Activity
bot/commands/entertainment/MakeJoke.java
 bot.commands.entertainment.MakeJoke
bot/player/consumables/Coins.java
 bot.player.consumables.Coins
bot/player/hero/attributes/Points.java
 bot.player.hero.attributes.Points
bot/commands/entertainment/Witoj.java
 bot.commands.entertainment.Witoj
bot/commands/music/Current.java
 bot.commands.music.Current
bot/music/AudioPlayerSendHandler.java
 bot.music.AudioPlayerSendHandler
bot/commands/entertainment/GiveMeme.java
 bot.commands.entertainment.GiveMeme
bot/commands/entertainment/Help.java
 bot.commands.entertainment.Help
bot/commands/object/FunMessage.java
 bot.commands.object.FunMessage
bot/exceptions/NoVideoFoundException.java
 bot.exceptions.NoVideoFoundException
bot/commands/member/PvP.java
 bot.commands.member.PvP
bot/managers/PvPManager.java
 bot.managers.PvPManager
